if you need some cheap and instant
automating points make sure to check out
fifa coins by link will be in the
description hey guys military vhd here
and today for you I have a million coin
pack opening it is going to be unedited
we're just going to open these 50 k-pax
sorry about the delay in videos my
schedule has just been absolutely nuts
lately now I really hard to get coins
these days like the cheapest like the
website i use fifa coins buy it is a
hundred twenty dollars for like ten mil
or something so this one mil of queens
was actually hard to get had to sell
some players off my transfer list but
the first pack here we pull Buffon
upgraded Buffon pretty crazy team the
week wish i had more money tobin packs
but honestly i'm not spending anywhere
near that for coins another pack here
guys if I could just get the David Silva
Griezmann or Robin I just be psyched
either one of those any of those would
just be just sweet those are all crazy
poles it's crazy that a Jewish man has a
8680 color but his stats look so much
better but these first three packs if
not done well conquer got an upgrade I
will try to be bringing you guys one
video a day from here on out just really
did not have any free time while these
package is terrible what's our best pole
like Santi Cazorla but I'll try to get
back to the daily uploads for all you
guys we get chhavi right there a highest
rated pole on the night so far not bad
86 I mean it's if you've been on my
channel a long time you know that's just
like it's kind of a troll here we go wow
this is like ten dollars worth of coins
we have gotten no one yet oh we get a
nice 88 van persie right there highest
rated pull of the night not a bad poll
best coat in the pack it sucks he's
injured right now though here we go
though another pack
can we just get an in-form one of those
big three we do get a nice little 8650
company not bad wish there was a little
more class in that pack but just what we
have to deal with if any of you guys
watch the liverpool game what do you
think about love and missing that
penalty kick as we pull a nicelittle v
doll I mean that was just crazy to put
it over the post anyone else know okay i
so i skipped the last pack didn't get
anyone when I find you sent me a text
message i really hope nothing else comes
through we got upgraded erickson which
is nice that's an upgrade ecard have not
pulled yet however we you're just not
getting anything like if you opened a
male with a 50 get packs on console you
get so much more it's what it seems like
you but a male on here you just don't
get anything 84 PK Wow officially
halfway through the pack opening 500k
can we get a nice but oh we get 90 rated
Moyer guys nice high rated Paul wouldn't
mind his teammate oh my I i I'm sorry
guys I'm in this crazy good message
right now but 90 buddy no I have
actually pulled him in a lot of pack
openings recently didn't pull him like
I'll pull him the first half of the
season but there we go
k has more packs right here oh my god
Denver Bob would just we just know 10
foot ba if you guys open packs this team
the league maybe had a little coin saved
up if any of you guys like have a place
to buy cheap coins definitely the other
comments below because I want to try to
your bigger pack openings but if you
guys did happen open packs tell me who
you got oh yes guys we get informed
reesman there we go guys water card 89
pace 91 shot a teen idol what a pole
right there guys our first inform and it
is one of those three that we did want
what a card right there guys we got
Griezmann what a pole only decent pull I
mean that I am have about that that's
where the million coins easy to me sweet
card right there his third inform do not
carry the luck in the second pack though
still that away I don't want to ask you
too much but maybe one more inform
doesn't even have to be one of those big
ones just you know maybe like scrotal or
just anyone really come on another pack
he's just novice has the pace but hey as
we'll probably only get four more packs
left out of this as we pull Leno if you
guys have any when I really suggestions
but any videos in particular you want me
to upload squad builders like I could
focus on one player maybe do some pink
slips tournament like skill videos just
whatever just leave a comment below and
I will try to do it we only have two
packs left though oh we get Cavani 8680
Cavani don't know why I'm happy about
that list him up hey guys the final pack
I know you can't tell i'm going to do a
no-look pack though not hoping for much
but if we could just pull something
amazing i'll be great right here
okay nothing oh we got Benzema that's
not bad definitely put him up Philippe
Louise not a bad final pack right there
a couple decent players but I hope you
guys enjoy this actually know what let's
open a 15k pack right now you open to
more 15 k-pax we do have the coins for
Nadine yell which actually isn't bad for
15k pack I mean we might have gotten
that in like 50k packets or best player
and this is the official last pack 15k
pack right here guys hope you did enjoy
the video oh love went oh my god i love
rijn that's just sad hit 39 shooting man
oh but there we go guys hope you did
enjoy the video I mean just leave a
comment leave a like I hope you guys
check my channel out later and if you
could describe that mean eat on its
family for HD here and have a nice day